<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html  PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN'  'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>pages</title>
<style type="text/css">
	.filename {font-weight:bold}
	subproject {display:list-item}
	python, .python {display:none}
	h2 {font-size:150%;font-weight:bold;border-bottom:1px solid black;width:100%}
	.expanded:before {color:green;content:'\25BC';font-size:10px;width:21px;cursor:pointer;border:3px outset #99ff99;background:#99ff99}
	description {display:block}
	.childarea {margin-left:7px;padding-left:7px;border-left:3px ridge #99ff99;padding-top:0px}
	h1, name {display:block;font-size:200%;font-weight:bold;border-bottom:2px solid black;width:100%}
	.indent, files {display:block;margin-right:1.5cm;margin-left:1.5cm}
	.shrunken:before {color:green;content:'\25BA';font-size:10px;width:21px;cursor:pointer;border:3px outset #99ff99;background:#99ff99}
	filename {font-weight:bold}
	.all {background:#bbffaa}
	.partial {background:#fff088}
	.none {background:#ffaaaa}
</style>
<script language="JavaScript" type="text/javascript">
function showHide(node,shouldShow) {
	var show=null;
	var twirlie=node.childNodes[0]
	if(twirlie.getAttribute('class')=='expanded'&amp;&amp;(shouldShow==null||shouldShow==0)) {
		show=0;
		twirlie.setAttribute('class','shrunken');
	} else if(twirlie.getAttribute('class')=='shrunken'&amp;&amp;(shouldShow==null||shouldShow==1)) {
		show=1;
		twirlie.setAttribute('class','expanded');
	}
	if(show!=null) {
		var i;
		for(i=2;i&lt;node.childNodes.length;i++) {
			var e=node.childNodes[i];
			if(e.nodeType!=1) {
				// Do nothing. Only interested in elements.
			} else if(show) {
				e.setAttribute('style',e.getAttribute('oldStyle'));
			} else {
				e.setAttribute('oldStyle',e.getAttribute('style'));
				e.setAttribute('style','display:none');
			}
		}
	}
}
</script></head>
<body class="indent">
<projects type="parent"><project file="../project.xhtml"><a href="../project.xhtml" style="font-weight:bold">volitile</a></project></projects>
<name>pages</name>
<description>
Introduces a file format similar to .url only you can open a whole set of pages at the same time.
</description>

<h2>.pages file format</h2>
<div class="indent">
Each file is simply a list of urls.  You can also include the filename of a url file, another .pages file, an html file, or even a directory of things to open.
</div>

<div class="indent">
<h2>Status:</h2>
<li>Works pretty darned good.</li>
<li>Registers the format and everything on Windows.  (Would still need system integration for other OSes)</li>
<li>Knows how to open .pages file in Firefox.  Other browser support should be included.</li>
<li>There is some experimental dragdrop stuff for adding urls to the file, but it really doesn't work yet.</li>
</div>

<div class="indent">
<h2>Credits:</h2>
Icons are from the <a href="https://sourceforge.net/projects/openiconlibrary/">open-icon-library</a>
</div>

</body>
</html>